[Autogenerated] in this demo,
we're going to create and work with a centralized contract repository.
First, we're going to migrate our existing contracts to it.
Well, then regenerate the stops for Arkan Sheamus side tests.
And then we'll verify the tests still pass despite
the location of our new contracts.
Well,
then generate our master contract jar regenerate our contract
verification tests based on the contracts in that jar,
Robin and our provider side project and finally verified
are provided side tests still pass.
We're going to start off with an empty project.
You can create one yourself.
Have you wished by your I D?
A.
Well, then create a directory structure to hold our contracts.
In this project, they will live in the source.
Main resource is contracts directory, as opposed to in test Resource is below.
That will create a directory for our group com Retail Bank.
Now, as we will be generating our contracts for our credit,
Jack service will create a directory for it.
If we were creating contracts for another service,
it would of course, live alongside this one.
But in a different directory,
switching to our provide a project we can now copy is Palm file.
We're being a bit lazy here,
but already contains what we need for a centralized contract repository
we condense which back to our contract repository and paste the palm or
we don't need to do is remove all the craft keeping Only the spring
cloud contract may even plug in.
The reason we don't need anything else is because it was only
used for the building intestine of our consumer.
Now all we need is contract generation codes.
We will also make a subdirectory for our consumer credit card service.
This means this directory is for contracts between these two services.
If we wanted to create contracts for a different consumer,
then it would live in the corresponding folder at
the same place in the hierarchy.
Just like with our provider back in our provider this time will cut our
contracts is they will no longer need to be stored here.
And then we can switch back to our centralized contract repository on
impatient in the credit card service directory.
Again.
It lives here because this directory the notes interactions between
the credit card service on the credit check service.
Now we'll switch to our terminal in order to generate our
contracts and do some analysis of what's happening.
Starting with fellas.
We'll take a look at what we currently have stored for our retail bank.
In our local maven repository,
we can see we have some directories left behind from previous modules.
Let's removed them using the RM command.
And then let's double chatter gone by using ls which we can see that they are.
Okay,
let's navigate to our centralized construct repository directory and
then navigates our credit check service Subdirectory.
We can Enron maven clean install skip tests is normal and generate our contract.
Just like we're in an ordinary provider project.
Looking at the output,
we can see that they have been installed is normal as if we're still in our
original provider taking a look inside a jar using jar TF.
We can also confirm the stubs and contracts it air.
Okay, So back in our consumer, we can now run our tests.
Remember, these are dependent on our stops.
Great.
The test pass,
even though this time the stops a depended on were pitting the maven
repository by a centralized contract repository bills.
Okay.
Now, against implement to provide aside just as a warning.
The configuration here isn't quite a streamlined as it could bay,
and there's a little bit of a learning curve,
especially if you're unfamiliar with the maven assembly plug in.
However, the source code for this is available for use a copy along with you,
of course, assess.
So don't worry too much if you don't understand,
as you can re use a code we produce in this module.
Okay,
so first will create an assembly directory and then we'll
add a contract star XML file to it.
This will be a configuration file from the Maven Assembly Plug in,
which is what we will be using to package all of the contracts
together into a jar file will give it an I.
D.
Set its former as a job and then configure that jar to
contain everything in our contract directory.
Finally, will add some exclusions for files.
We don't want to end up in our jar, so it's easy.
Intelligent AML fail the idea.
Fail on the target directories.
Moving back to our project room, we now need to create a palm file.
We can create a skeleton with the group an artifact ideas much
in our project on the name and description.
We can then declare a plug in the maven assembly plug in
and then configure it to build a job based on the XML
file that we configured again.
Don't worry too much about intricacies of this as juice.
A degenerate nature of what?
We're doing it simply enough to take the code example and reuse it.
Switching back to the terminal,
we can navigate a project route and run a maven clean install.
We can see in the locks that we have created our contracts Jar.
Okay, Back in our provider,
we need to configure it to use a contracts in our contract are in
order to generate our contract verification tests.
This is because we've deleted the existing warms from the provider repository.
First, we need to navigate to the palm and sat contracts work off.
Lying to true.
This is because we've installed our contracts locally,
so going to get them from my local repository.
We can then use a contract dependency tag to specify that will be
getting our contracts from an external jar.
All we need to do here is Picard group idea and artifacts I D on.
Then we can run the tests.
Success are build passes.
But how do we know that we generated contract verification tests at all?
Well, we can navigate to our target directory and take a look here.
We can see our contract verification Tash generated is
normal this time from our contracts jar.
And that's it, although a simple example.
We can see how this can become a lot more maintainable going forward,
especially when we have multiple providers,
each with multiple consumers. This is because they all fit nicely together in the directory structure.